---
type: method
interface: IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton
member: SetBitmapsByName3
returns: System.Boolean
parameters:
  -
    name: ImageList
    type: System.Object
    description: Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the button in its non-selected state (see Remarks )
  -
    name: MaskImageList
    type: System.Object
    description: Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the image masks (see Remarks )
docset: sldworksapi
deprecated: false
since_version: unknown
categories:
  - ui
related:
  - ISldWorks.GetImageSize
keywords:
  - setbitmapsbyname3
  - ipropertymanagerpagebitmapbutton
  - manager
  - page
  - bitmap
  - button
  - bitmaps
  - name3
  - image
  - list
  - object
  - mask
  - boolean
  - ipropertymanagerpage2
---

# IPropertyManagerPageBitmapButton.SetBitmapsByName3

Inserts the specified image for this button.

## Signature

```csharp
System.Boolean SetBitmapsByName3( 
   System.Object
ImageList
,
   System.Object
MaskImageList
)
```
## Parameters

- `ImageList` (System.Object): Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the button in its non-selected state (see Remarks )
- `MaskImageList` (System.Object): Array of strings for the paths for the image files for the image masks (see Remarks )

## Return Value

True if the image is inserted, false if not

## Remarks

This method supports scaling for high resolution screens with high resolution operating system scaling options.
ImageList and MaskImageList images can be:
20 x 20 pixels
32 x 32 pixels
40 x 40 pixels
64 x 64 pixels
96 x 96 pixels
128 x128 pixels
Images should use:
256-color palette.
margin of at least 3 blank pixels on all sides of the image because this is where the button borders are drawn; i.e., any pixels in the image in these 3 outer rows and columns of pixels are obscured by the button borders.
You can specify your own image masks using the MaskImageList argument, which should display the images exactly as you created them. If you specify an empty array for MaskImageList, then SOLIDWORKS generates what it needs; however, the images might appear blurred.
The order in which you specify the image files must be the same for ImageList and MaskImageList. For example, if you specify an array of paths to 20 x 20 pixels, 32 x 32 pixels, and 40 x 40 pixels images for ImageList, then you must specify an array of paths to 20 x 20 pixels, 32 x 32 pixels, and 40 x 40 pixels images for MaskImageList.
NOTES:
The rest of the images (selected, highlight regular, highlight selected, and disabled) for this button are automatically generated by SOLIDWORKS.
Portable Network Graphics images (.
png
) do not support masking. To use this method with .
png
files, pass an array of
.png
file names to ImageList and a blank string for each item in MaskImageList that corresponds to an item in ImageList.
You must call this method after calling either of the following methods to create the bitmap button control:
IPropertyManagerPage2::AddControl
or
IPropertyManagerPage2::IAddControl
IPropertyManagerPageGroup::AddControl
or
IPropertyManagerPageGroup::IAddControl

## Examples

- IPropertyManagerPage2 (ms-xhelp:///?id=SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks~SolidWorks.Interop.sldworks.IPropertyManagerPage2)

## See Also

- `ISldWorks.GetImageSize`